Email Alert API recipients docs and wider iteration (#2886)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/email-notifications-how-they-work.html.md

**Update September 2019:** the email system also now supports highly customised subscriptions for users completing the [Brexit Checker][brexit-checker], which operates in isolation from the rest of GOV.UK, and specifies its own notifications. More information can be found in [the ADR][message-adr] for these changes.

## Types of email

The email notification system generates 3 different types of email. These are transactional, immediate and digest.

> **Transactional** email allow an individual user to work with the email notification system. Examples of these are forgotten password links, subscription confirmations, authentication links. These are sent as the result of a user interaction with the email system

Author: Haha oh dear, I was tired when I wrote it. Thanks for catching.

**Immediate** emails are generated shortly the email system receives a content change, or a message, that corresponds to a users immediate subscription. It's worth noting that "immediate" is a somewhat misleading name as these emails can sometimes take a long time (hours) to be sent when the system is busy.

> **Digest** emails are generated daily and weekly for subscribers who have opted to have their subscriptions sent to them in batches. These collate all of a subscribers subscriptions into a single email including all the relevant content changes and messages that occurred over the preceding day or week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Digest** emails are generated daily and weekly for subscribers who have opted to have their updates sent to them in batches. These collate all of a subscriber's subscriptions into a single summary of all the relevant content changes and messages that occurred over the preceding day or week.
```

> ### Courtesy copies

Reviewer: This isn't really a distinct type of email, but would fit quite well in the next-but-one section if we renamed "Email system apps" -> "System components" e.g.

```
- Google Groups
  - Provides a way to see [courtesy copies][google-group] of emails sent in production.
  - Provides a way to test emails in [Integration and Staging][link-to-doc]
```

Author: Sure, that's a good idea - I like that is concise. I think it might actually fit better in useful resources, which avoids the rename complication.
